Types of tropospheric propagtion:
1. Enhanced Tropospheric Refraction (50MHz to 432MHz),
	occurs when there is a significant increase above the normal
	value of refractive index in the atmosphere
when the lower troposphere divides into 2 stable layers, warm dry air
over cool moist air.
boundary between the layers is called inversion
temp decreases with height and humidity increases with height
signals 'bend' (refract) when they cross the inversion

2. Tropospheric Ducting (144MHz to 432 MHz),
	occurs when radio waves are trapped within channels bounded by
	sharp changes in refractive index
surface ducts - signals get trapped in the surface layer (between 
		ground and inversion) as the refractive bending 
		increases so much that the signal hits the ground
		far away from the TX, then reflects back to inversion,
		hence 'trapped'.
		Occurs when a steep negative gradient in R.I. forms
		immediately above the ground
elevated ducts - form when there is a double discontinuity in R.I., upper
		temp inversion and lower temp. waves reflected upwards by
		the lower boundary of duct and down by upper boundary.
		Waves guided over irregular terrain until broken by mountains
		
3. Tropospheric Scattering (50MHz to 432MHz),
	arrises from small-scale variations in the refractive index
brings in distant fluttery signals from beyond normal line of sight.
changes in R.I. occur when there is turbulence, e.g. in convection cells or
strong wind.



Caused by high levels of water vapour and air density...
	air density - mass of air per unit volume

in lower troposphere, differences in water vapour content dominate R.I.
changes
in higher, temp variations are dominant factor, and changes in R.I. decreases,
	-refractive index decreases with height... exponential equation?

refractive index depends on air temp and dew point

temp, pressure and water vapour is different everywhere :/

day ground is hot, evening ground cools. ducts develop progressively through
lifetime of an anticyclone so biggest openings occur after several days of
enhanced propagation
